***********************************************************************
						GET OPERATION
***********************************************************************

+-+-+-+-+-+ XML Format +-+-+-+-+-+

#URL using GET Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver&_type=xml
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth.xml?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?_type=xml
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver.xml

#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?operation=search&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver&_type=xml
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth.xml?operation=search&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?operation=search&_type=xml
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver.xml?operation=search

Content Type : application/xml

Response     :
<driver-instance>
    <name>DiameterLdapAuthDriver</name>
    <description>Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM</description>
    <ldap-auth-driver>
        <ldap-datasource>LDAP_DS</ldap-datasource>
        <expiry-date-pattern>MM/dd/yyyy</expiry-date-pattern>
        <password-decrypt-type>0</password-decrypt-type>
        <search-scope>SCOPE_SUB</search-scope>
        <query-maximum-execution-time>1</query-maximum-execution-time>
        <maximum-query-timeout-count>100</maximum-query-timeout-count>
        <user-identity-attributes>0:1</user-identity-attributes>
        <search-filter>0:2</search-filter>
        <ldap-field-mappings>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Password Check</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>PASSWORDCHECK</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Calling Station ID</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CALLINGSTATIONID</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Authorization Policy</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>RADIUSPOLICY</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Check Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERCHECKITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Reply Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERREPLYITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Expiry Date</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>EXPIRYDATE</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Credit Limit</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CREDITLIMIT</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
        </ldap-field-mappings>
    </ldap-auth-driver>
</driver-instance>

+-+-+-+-+-+ JSON Format +-+-+-+-+-+

#URL using GET method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver&_type=json
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth.json?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?_type=json
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver.json

#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?operation=search&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver&_type=json
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth.json?operation=search&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?operation=search&_type=json
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver.json?operation=search

Content Type : application/json

Response     :
{
  "name": "DiameterLdapAuthDriver",
  "description": "Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM",
  "ldap-auth-driver": [
    {
      "ldap-datasource": "LDAP_DS",
      "expiry-date-pattern": "MM/dd/yyyy",
      "password-decrypt-type": "0",
      "search-scope": "SCOPE_SUB",
      "query-maximum-execution-time": 1,
      "maximum-query-timeout-count": 100,
      "user-identity-attributes": "0:1",
      "search-filter": "0:2",
      "ldap-field-mappings": [
        {
          "logical-name": "Password Check",
          "ldap-attribute": "PASSWORDCHECK"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Calling Station ID",
          "ldap-attribute": "CALLINGSTATIONID"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Authorization Policy",
          "ldap-attribute": "RADIUSPOLICY"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Check Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERCHECKITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Reply Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERREPLYITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Expiry Date",
          "ldap-attribute": "EXPIRYDATE"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Credit Limit",
          "ldap-attribute": "CREDITLIMIT"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}

***********************************************************************
					CREATE OPERATION (SINGLE OPERATION)
***********************************************************************

#URL  using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth

#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?operation=create


+-+-+-+-+-+ XML Response +-+-+-+-+-+

Content Type : application/xml

Note : - for inserting Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		<default-value>Active</default-value>
        <value-mapping>1=Active,0=inActive</value-mapping>
        
Body     :
<driver-instance>
    <name>DiameterLdapAuthDriver</name>
    <description>Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM</description>
    <ldap-auth-driver>
        <ldap-datasource>LDAP_DS</ldap-datasource>
        <expiry-date-pattern>MM/dd/yyyy</expiry-date-pattern>
        <password-decrypt-type>0</password-decrypt-type>
        <search-scope>SCOPE_SUB</search-scope>
        <query-maximum-execution-time>1</query-maximum-execution-time>
        <maximum-query-timeout-count>100</maximum-query-timeout-count>
        <user-identity-attributes>0:1</user-identity-attributes>
        <search-filter>0:2</search-filter>
        <ldap-field-mappings>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Password Check</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>PASSWORDCHECK</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Calling Station ID</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CALLINGSTATIONID</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Authorization Policy</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>RADIUSPOLICY</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Check Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERCHECKITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Reply Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERREPLYITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Expiry Date</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>EXPIRYDATE</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Credit Limit</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CREDITLIMIT</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
        </ldap-field-mappings>
    </ldap-auth-driver>
</driver-instance>

Response : 

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver created successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>

+-+-+-+-+-+ JSON Format +-+-+-+-+-+

Content Type : application/json

Note : - for inserting Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		 "default-value":"Active",
         "value-mapping":"1=Active,0=inActive"


Body :
{
  "name": "DiameterLdapAuthDriver",
  "description": "Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM",
  "ldap-auth-driver": [
    {
      "ldap-datasource": "LDAP_DS",
      "expiry-date-pattern": "MM/dd/yyyy",
      "password-decrypt-type": "0",
      "search-scope": "SCOPE_SUB",
      "query-maximum-execution-time": 1,
      "maximum-query-timeout-count": 100,
      "user-identity-attributes": "0:1",
      "search-filter": "0:2",
      "ldap-field-mappings": [
        {
          "logical-name": "Password Check",
          "ldap-attribute": "PASSWORDCHECK"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Calling Station ID",
          "ldap-attribute": "CALLINGSTATIONID"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Authorization Policy",
          "ldap-attribute": "RADIUSPOLICY"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Check Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERCHECKITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Reply Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERREPLYITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Expiry Date",
          "ldap-attribute": "EXPIRYDATE"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Credit Limit",
          "ldap-attribute": "CREDITLIMIT"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}

Response : 

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver created successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>

***********************************************************************
					CREATE OPERATION (BULK OPERATION)
***********************************************************************

#URL  using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/bulk

#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/bulk?operation=create


+-+-+-+-+-+ XML Response +-+-+-+-+-+


Note : - for inserting Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		<default-value>Active</default-value>
        <value-mapping>1=Active,0=inActive</value-mapping>

Content Type : application/xml

Body :
<list>
   <driver-instance>
      <name>DiameterLdapAuthDriver</name>
      <description>Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM</description>
      <ldap-auth-driver>
         <ldap-datasource>LDAP_DS</ldap-datasource>
         <expiry-date-pattern>MM/dd/yyyy</expiry-date-pattern>
         <password-decrypt-type>0</password-decrypt-type>
         <search-scope>SCOPE_SUB</search-scope>
         <query-maximum-execution-time>1</query-maximum-execution-time>
         <maximum-query-timeout-count>100</maximum-query-timeout-count>
         <user-identity-attributes>0:1</user-identity-attributes>
         <search-filter>0:2</search-filter>
         <ldap-field-mappings>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Password Check</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>PASSWORDCHECK</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Calling Station ID</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>CALLINGSTATIONID</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Authorization Policy</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>RADIUSPOLICY</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Customer Check Items</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERCHECKITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Customer Reply Items</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERREPLYITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Expiry Date</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>EXPIRYDATE</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
               <logical-name>Credit Limit</logical-name>
               <ldap-attribute>CREDITLIMIT</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
         </ldap-field-mappings>
      </ldap-auth-driver>
   </driver-instance>
</list>

Response :

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver(s) created successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>
 


+-+-+-+-+-+ JSON Format +-+-+-+-+-+

Content Type : application/json

Note : - for inserting Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		 "default-value":"Active",
         "value-mapping":"1=Active,0=inActive"


Body :
{
   "list":[
      {
         "name":"DiameterLdapAuthDriver",
         "description":"Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM",
         "ldap-auth-driver":[
            {
               "ldap-datasource":"LDAP_DS",
               "expiry-date-pattern":"MM/dd/yyyy",
               "password-decrypt-type":"0",
               "search-scope":"SCOPE_SUB",
               "query-maximum-execution-time":1,
               "maximum-query-timeout-count":100,
               "user-identity-attributes":"0:1",
               "search-filter":"0:2",
               "ldap-field-mappings":[
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Password Check",
                     "ldap-attribute":"PASSWORDCHECK"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Calling Station ID",
                     "ldap-attribute":"CALLINGSTATIONID"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Authorization Policy",
                     "ldap-attribute":"RADIUSPOLICY"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Customer Check Items",
                     "ldap-attribute":"CUSTOMERCHECKITEM"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Customer Reply Items",
                     "ldap-attribute":"CUSTOMERREPLYITEM"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Expiry Date",
                     "ldap-attribute":"EXPIRYDATE"
                  },
                  {
                     "logical-name":"Credit Limit",
                     "ldap-attribute":"CREDITLIMIT"
                  }
               ]
            }
         ]
      }
   ]
}

Response : 

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver(s) created successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>

***********************************************************************
						UPDATE OPERATION
***********************************************************************

#URL  using PUT Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver


#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?operation=update&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?operation=update

+-+-+-+-+-+ XML Response +-+-+-+-+-+

Content Type : application/xml


Note : - for updating Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		<default-value>Active</default-value>
        <value-mapping>1=Active,0=inActive</value-mapping>

Body     :
<driver-instance>
    <name>DiameterLdapAuthDriver</name>
    <description>Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM</description>
    <ldap-auth-driver>
        <ldap-datasource>LDAP_DS</ldap-datasource>
        <expiry-date-pattern>MM/dd/yyyy</expiry-date-pattern>
        <password-decrypt-type>0</password-decrypt-type>
        <search-scope>SCOPE_SUB</search-scope>
        <query-maximum-execution-time>1</query-maximum-execution-time>
        <maximum-query-timeout-count>100</maximum-query-timeout-count>
        <user-identity-attributes>0:1</user-identity-attributes>
        <search-filter>0:2</search-filter>
        <ldap-field-mappings>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Password Check</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>PASSWORDCHECK</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Calling Station ID</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CALLINGSTATIONID</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Authorization Policy</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>RADIUSPOLICY</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Check Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERCHECKITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Customer Reply Items</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CUSTOMERREPLYITEM</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Expiry Date</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>EXPIRYDATE</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
            <ldap-field-mapping>
                <logical-name>Credit Limit</logical-name>
                <ldap-attribute>CREDITLIMIT</ldap-attribute>
            </ldap-field-mapping>
        </ldap-field-mappings>
    </ldap-auth-driver>
</driver-instance>
Response : 

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver updated successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>



+-+-+-+-+-+ JSON Format +-+-+-+-+-+

Content Type : application/json

Note : - for updating Default Value and Value Mapping in Ldap Field Mapping use below format.

		 "default-value":"Active",
         "value-mapping":"1=Active,0=inActive"

Body     :
{
  "name": "DiameterLdapAuthDriver",
  "description": "Created by admin on 01/16/2017 06:07:07 PM",
  "ldap-auth-driver": [
    {
      "ldap-datasource": "LDAP_DS",
      "expiry-date-pattern": "MM/dd/yyyy",
      "password-decrypt-type": "0",
      "search-scope": "SCOPE_SUB",
      "query-maximum-execution-time": 1,
      "maximum-query-timeout-count": 100,
      "user-identity-attributes": "0:1",
      "search-filter": "0:2",
      "ldap-field-mappings": [
        {
          "logical-name": "Password Check",
          "ldap-attribute": "PASSWORDCHECK"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Calling Station ID",
          "ldap-attribute": "CALLINGSTATIONID"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Authorization Policy",
          "ldap-attribute": "RADIUSPOLICY"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Check Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERCHECKITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Customer Reply Items",
          "ldap-attribute": "CUSTOMERREPLYITEM"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Expiry Date",
          "ldap-attribute": "EXPIRYDATE"
        },
        {
          "logical-name": "Credit Limit",
          "ldap-attribute": "CREDITLIMIT"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
Response : 

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver updated successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>


***********************************************************************
						DELETE OPERATION
***********************************************************************

#URL  using DELETE Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver

#URL using POST Method
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth?operation=delete&name=DiameterLdapAuthDriver
--OR--
http://ip:port/aaasmx/cxfservices/restful/v1/driver/diameter/ldapauth/DiameterLdapAuthDriver?operation=delete

Response :

<response-detail>
	<response>
		<response-code>200</response-code>
		<response-message>Diameter LDAP Auth Driver(s) deleted successfully</response-message>
	</response>
</response-detail>



Note : For multiple delete use comma separated values

***********************************************************************